README.md, before:

# VMware Tanzu RabbitMQ [Kubernetes] docs

THIS REPO IS NOT CURRENTLY IN USE. For documentation for the RabbitMQ Cluster Operator for Kubernetes (formerly known as VMware Tanzu RabbitMQ [Kubernetes]), see the open source [RabbitMQ Documentation](https://www.rabbitmq.com/kubernetes/operator/operator-overview.html).


## Branches in this Content Repo

The master branch is the tree-trunk, so **always** make changes you want carried forward in this branch. This includes:

* Unreleased features
* Doc bug fixes
* Doc reorganization or enhancement

Then, if necessary, immediately cherry-pick/copy any changes that you want to push immediately to production into the appropriate branches listed below:

| Branch Name | Use for… |
|-------------| ---------|
| master      | Not in use |
| 0.7         | Not in use |
| 0.6         | Not in use |
| 0.5         | Not in use |
| 0.4         | Not in use |


[docs-book-rmq-k8s]: https://github.com/pivotal-cf/docs-book-rmq-k8s/blob/master/config.yml


## Book Repo

The book repo associated with this content is [pivotal-cf/docs-book-rmq-k8s](https://github.com/pivotal-cf/docs-book-rmq-k8s).

### Staging Environment

When a commit is made into any of the above branches, the documentation is deployed by
[this concourse build][docs-staging-deploy]. All the supported versions will be accessible on the
[staging website][docs-staging].

[docs-staging]:        http://docs-pcf-staging.cfapps.io/rabbitmq-kubernetes/


### Making Your Documentation Changes Live

Click the deploy button in the pipeline! Living the dream :-D

### Contributing Documentation

If there is some documentation to add for an unreleased patch version of RabbitMQ then create a branch off of the **live** branch
you intend to modify and create a pull request against that branch.
After the version that change is targeting is released, the pull request can be merged and will be live
the next time a documentation deployment occurs.

If the documentation is meant to be target several released versions,
then you will need to:
+ create a pull request for each individual minor version
+ or ask the technical writer to cherry-pick to particular branches/versions.

### Partials

Cross-product partials (if any) for VMware Tanzu RabbitMQ [Kubernetes] are single sourced from the [Docs Partials](https://github.com/pivotal-cf/docs-partials) repository.

### Releasing a New Minor Version

Because **master** is the latest and greatest documentation, the process would be to cut a **x.x-live** branch
for the version that **master** was targeting during that time.
A corresponding section in **config.yml** in the [docs-book-pcfservices][docs-book-pcfservices] repository would also need to be made.

After this point, **master** will then be the target for the next version of the RabbitMQ product.



## Style Guide

This is a word list for terminology and word usage specific to the VMware Tanzu RabbitMQ [Kubernetes] for docs.

| Word | Explanation |
|------|-------------|
| Kubernetes Operator |This operator refers to an Operator pattern, which is a Kubernetes concept. You can have a container image for the Operator code but it is not an image itself. Always capitalize it to help differentiate the term from the Alana persona operator.|
| service broker |Unless you are specifically refering to the Open Source Service Broker API, do not capitalize service broker.|
| `RabbitmqCluster` vs RabbitMQ cluster | _Both are used and I think both are needed but should define and disambiguate._ [JD] |
| ServiceType vs service type |  _Both are used but I'm not clear about the distinction._ [JD] |

Commit message:

[#174062551]Noted that there are two paused pipelines
 associated with this repo.

README.md, after:

# VMware Tanzu RabbitMQ [Kubernetes] docs

THIS REPO IS NOT CURRENTLY IN USE. For documentation for the RabbitMQ Cluster Operator for Kubernetes (formerly known as VMware Tanzu RabbitMQ [Kubernetes]), see the open source [RabbitMQ Documentation](https://www.rabbitmq.com/kubernetes/operator/operator-overview.html).

There are two paused concourse pipelines associated with this repo:

https://concourse.run.pivotal.io/teams/cf-docs/pipelines/cf-services?group=rmq-k8s
https://concourse.run.pivotal.io/teams/cf-docs/pipelines/cf-services-edge?group=rmq-k8s-edge


## Branches in this Content Repo

The master branch is the tree-trunk, so **always** make changes you want carried forward in this branch. This includes:

* Unreleased features
* Doc bug fixes
* Doc reorganization or enhancement

Then, if necessary, immediately cherry-pick/copy any changes that you want to push immediately to production into the appropriate branches listed below:

| Branch Name | Use for… |
|-------------| ---------|
| master      | Not in use |
| 0.7         | Not in use |
| 0.6         | Not in use |
| 0.5         | Not in use |
| 0.4         | Not in use |


[docs-book-rmq-k8s]: https://github.com/pivotal-cf/docs-book-rmq-k8s/blob/master/config.yml


## Book Repo

The book repo associated with this content is [pivotal-cf/docs-book-rmq-k8s](https://github.com/pivotal-cf/docs-book-rmq-k8s).

### Staging Environment

When a commit is made into any of the above branches, the documentation is deployed by
[this concourse build][docs-staging-deploy]. All the supported versions will be accessible on the
[staging website][docs-staging].

[docs-staging]:        http://docs-pcf-staging.cfapps.io/rabbitmq-kubernetes/


### Making Your Documentation Changes Live

Click the deploy button in the pipeline! Living the dream :-D

### Contributing Documentation

If there is some documentation to add for an unreleased patch version of RabbitMQ then create a branch off of the **live** branch
you intend to modify and create a pull request against that branch.
After the version that change is targeting is released, the pull request can be merged and will be live
the next time a documentation deployment occurs.

If the documentation is meant to be target several released versions,
then you will need to:
+ create a pull request for each individual minor version
+ or ask the technical writer to cherry-pick to particular branches/versions.

### Partials

Cross-product partials (if any) for VMware Tanzu RabbitMQ [Kubernetes] are single sourced from the [Docs Partials](https://github.com/pivotal-cf/docs-partials) repository.

### Releasing a New Minor Version

Because **master** is the latest and greatest documentation, the process would be to cut a **x.x-live** branch
for the version that **master** was targeting during that time.
A corresponding section in **config.yml** in the [docs-book-pcfservices][docs-book-pcfservices] repository would also need to be made.

After this point, **master** will then be the target for the next version of the RabbitMQ product.



## Style Guide

This is a word list for terminology and word usage specific to the VMware Tanzu RabbitMQ [Kubernetes] for docs.

| Word | Explanation |
|------|-------------|
| Kubernetes Operator |This operator refers to an Operator pattern, which is a Kubernetes concept. You can have a container image for the Operator code but it is not an image itself. Always capitalize it to help differentiate the term from the Alana persona operator.|
| service broker |Unless you are specifically refering to the Open Source Service Broker API, do not capitalize service broker.|
| `RabbitmqCluster` vs RabbitMQ cluster | _Both are used and I think both are needed but should define and disambiguate._ [JD] |
| ServiceType vs service type |  _Both are used but I'm not clear about the distinction._ [JD] |
